_book/docs/components/Icon.md, before:

## icon-def-headref
## Icon

Perfect, crisp, high definition icons and pixel ideal fonts powered by <a href="https://nativebase.io/">NativeBase</a> to preserve matters very high first-rate. You will continually have pixel perfect icons on your initiatives.<br />
*Uses Ionicons from [React Native Vector Icons](https://github.com/oblador/react-native-vector-icons)*

![Preview ios icon-def-headref](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeekyAnts/NativeBase-KitchenSink/v2.4.7/screenshots/ios/icons.png)
![Preview android icon-def-headref](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeekyAnts/NativeBase-KitchenSink/v2.4.7/screenshots/android/icons.png)

*Syntax*

<pre class="line-numbers"><code class="language-jsx">import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { Container, Header, Content, Icon } from 'native-base';
export default class IconExample extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      &lt;Container>
        &lt;Header />
        &lt;Content>
          &lt;Icon name='home' />
          &lt;Icon ios='ios-menu' android="md-menu" style=&#123;{fontSize: 20, color: 'red'}}/>
          &lt;Icon type="FontAwesome" name="home" />
        &lt;/Content>
      &lt;/Container>
    );
  }
}</code></pre><br />


* <code>Icon</code> can take any two of the following attributes: name, ios, android.
* In case if you want to include icon with custom color, size etc then that should go into <code>style</code>.
* All the icons in the icon libraries of NativeBase, are scalable vector icons that can be customized in terms of size, color, etc.

**Configuration**

<table class = "table table-bordered">
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>Property</th>
                <th>Default</th>
                <th>Option</th>
                <th width="50%">
                    Description
                </th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>name</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>Name of the icon.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>ios</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>Name of the icon for iOS devices.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>android</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>Name of the icon for Android devices.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>active</td>
                <td>true</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>Renders filled icons</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>color</td>
                <td>black</td>
                <td>user-defined</td>
                <td>
                    Renders icon with defined color.<br />
                    Include this prop within <code>style</code>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>fontSize</td>
                <td>27</td>
                <td>user-defined</td>
                <td>
                    Renders icon with defined icon-size.<br />
                    Include this prop within <code>style</code>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>type</td>
                <td>Ionicons</td>
                <td>Ionicons, Entypo, EvilIcons, Feather, FontAwesome, Foundation, MaterialIcons, MaterialCommunityIcons, Octicons, SimpleLineIcons, Zocial</td>
                <td>Specifies icon family from IonIcons</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table><br />

Commit message:

Included NativeBase-VectorIconApp in Icons section

_book/docs/components/Icon.md, after:

## icon-def-headref
## Icon

Perfect, crisp, high definition icons and pixel ideal fonts powered by <a href="https://nativebase.io/">NativeBase</a> to preserve matters very high first-rate. You will continually have pixel perfect icons on your initiatives.<br />
Here is a repo that lists down icons of available `react-native-vector-icons` icon families. [Repo](https://github.com/GeekyAnts/NativeBase-VectorIconApp)<br />

*Uses Ionicons from [React Native Vector Icons](https://github.com/oblador/react-native-vector-icons)*

![Preview ios icon-def-headref](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeekyAnts/NativeBase-KitchenSink/v2.4.7/screenshots/ios/icons.png)
![Preview android icon-def-headref](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GeekyAnts/NativeBase-KitchenSink/v2.4.7/screenshots/android/icons.png)

*Syntax*

<pre class="line-numbers"><code class="language-jsx">import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { Container, Header, Content, Icon } from 'native-base';
export default class IconExample extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      &lt;Container>
        &lt;Header />
        &lt;Content>
          &lt;Icon name='home' />
          &lt;Icon ios='ios-menu' android="md-menu" style=&#123;{fontSize: 20, color: 'red'}}/>
          &lt;Icon type="FontAwesome" name="home" />
        &lt;/Content>
      &lt;/Container>
    );
  }
}</code></pre><br />


* <code>Icon</code> can take any two of the following attributes: name, ios, android.
* In case if you want to include icon with custom color, size etc then that should go into <code>style</code>.
* All the icons in the icon libraries of NativeBase, are scalable vector icons that can be customized in terms of size, color, etc.

**Configuration**

<table class = "table table-bordered">
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>Property</th>
                <th>Default</th>
                <th>Option</th>
                <th width="50%">
                    Description
                </th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>name</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>Name of the icon.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>ios</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>Name of the icon for iOS devices.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>android</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>Name of the icon for Android devices.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>active</td>
                <td>true</td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>Renders filled icons</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>color</td>
                <td>black</td>
                <td>user-defined</td>
                <td>
                    Renders icon with defined color.<br />
                    Include this prop within <code>style</code>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>fontSize</td>
                <td>27</td>
                <td>user-defined</td>
                <td>
                    Renders icon with defined icon-size.<br />
                    Include this prop within <code>style</code>
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>type</td>
                <td>Ionicons</td>
                <td>Ionicons, Entypo, EvilIcons, Feather, FontAwesome, Foundation, MaterialIcons, MaterialCommunityIcons, Octicons, SimpleLineIcons, Zocial</td>
                <td>Specifies icon family from IonIcons</td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table><br />
