docs/components/list/List.md, before:

## list-def-headref
## List

This component is completely built by [NativeBase](https://nativebase.io/).<br />
A base component for specifying lists of information. List must contain one or more list elements. Props provide configurability for several features. Provides a number of attributes that follows styling and interaction guidelines for each platform, so that they are intuitive for users to interact with.<br />

![Preview ios list-def-headref](https://github.com/GeekyAnts/NativeBase-KitchenSink/raw/v2.2.0/screenshots/ios/list-basic.png)
![Preview android list-def-headref](https://github.com/GeekyAnts/NativeBase-KitchenSink/raw/v2.2.0/screenshots/android/list-basic.png)

**Contents:**
* [List Divider](Components.md#list-divider-headref)
* [List Header](Components.md#list-header-headref)
* [List Icon](Components.md#list-icon-headref)
* [List Avatar](Components.md#list-avatar-headref)
* [List Thumbnail](Components.md#list-thumbnail-headref)
* [Dynamic List](Components.md#dynamic-list-headref)
* [List Separator](Components.md#list-seperator-headref)

*Syntax*

<pre class="line-numbers"><code class="language-jsx">import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { Container, Header, Content, List, ListItem, Text } from 'native-base';
export default class ListExample extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      &lt;Container>
        &lt;Header />
        &lt;Content>
          &lt;List>
            &lt;ListItem>
              &lt;Text>Simon Mignolet&lt;/Text>
            &lt;/ListItem>
            &lt;ListItem>
              &lt;Text>Nathaniel Clyne&lt;/Text>
            &lt;/ListItem>
            &lt;ListItem>
              &lt;Text>Dejan Lovren&lt;/Text>
            &lt;/ListItem>
          &lt;/List>
        &lt;/Content>
      &lt;/Container>
    );
  }
}
</code></pre><br />

* <code>List</code>: This component defines a section to include your list items.
* <code>ListItem</code>:
  * This is the child component of <code>List</code>.
  * Defines a list item.
  * Adds border at bottom of each ListItem.
  * List takes any number of ListItem.
  * Takes input such as: Text, Badge, Thumbnail, Icon.
Replacing Component
* List: React Native [View](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html)
* ListItem:
  -   React Native [TouchableOpacity](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/touchableopacity.html) for iOS
  -   React Native [TouchableNativeFeedback](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/touchablenativefeedback.html) for Android


**Configuration**

<table class="table table-bordered">
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>Property</th>
                <th>Default</th>
                <th>Option</th>
                <th width="50%">Description</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>button</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>
                    To navigate on click of a list item.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>dataArray</td>
                <td> Array </td>
                <td> user-defined array </td>
                <td>Array of data chunks to render iteratively.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>itemDivider</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>Helps to organize and group the list items.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>itemHeader</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>Style the item as the header for the ListItems.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>first</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Adds style of first ListItem.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>last</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Adds style of last ListItem.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    To have list styling of icons.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>avatar</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Style the list to have Avatars.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>thumbnail</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Style the list to have Thumbnails.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>renderRow</td>
                <td> Function </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Callback which takes a chunk of data from dataArray and returns as a component.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table><br />

Commit message:

Added Information about deprecating List in the near future

docs/components/list/List.md, after:

## list-def-headref
## List

This component is completely built by [NativeBase](https://nativebase.io/).<br />
A base component for specifying lists of information. List must contain one or more list elements. Props provide configurability for several features. Provides a number of attributes that follows styling and interaction guidelines for each platform, so that they are intuitive for users to interact with.<br />
NativeBase List will be deprecated in the near future. So please use React Native’s FlatList in place of it. You can continue to use ListItem for the necessary styling.

![Preview ios list-def-headref](https://github.com/GeekyAnts/NativeBase-KitchenSink/raw/v2.2.0/screenshots/ios/list-basic.png)
![Preview android list-def-headref](https://github.com/GeekyAnts/NativeBase-KitchenSink/raw/v2.2.0/screenshots/android/list-basic.png)

**Contents:**
* [List Divider](Components.md#list-divider-headref)
* [List Header](Components.md#list-header-headref)
* [List Icon](Components.md#list-icon-headref)
* [List Avatar](Components.md#list-avatar-headref)
* [List Thumbnail](Components.md#list-thumbnail-headref)
* [Dynamic List](Components.md#dynamic-list-headref)
* [List Separator](Components.md#list-seperator-headref)

*Syntax*

<pre class="line-numbers"><code class="language-jsx">import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { Container, Header, Content, List, ListItem, Text } from 'native-base';
export default class ListExample extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      &lt;Container>
        &lt;Header />
        &lt;Content>
          &lt;List>
            &lt;ListItem>
              &lt;Text>Simon Mignolet&lt;/Text>
            &lt;/ListItem>
            &lt;ListItem>
              &lt;Text>Nathaniel Clyne&lt;/Text>
            &lt;/ListItem>
            &lt;ListItem>
              &lt;Text>Dejan Lovren&lt;/Text>
            &lt;/ListItem>
          &lt;/List>
        &lt;/Content>
      &lt;/Container>
    );
  }
}
</code></pre><br />

* <code>List</code>: This component defines a section to include your list items.
* <code>ListItem</code>:
  * This is the child component of <code>List</code>.
  * Defines a list item.
  * Adds border at bottom of each ListItem.
  * List takes any number of ListItem.
  * Takes input such as: Text, Badge, Thumbnail, Icon.
Replacing Component
* List: React Native [View](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/view.html)
* ListItem:
  -   React Native [TouchableOpacity](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/touchableopacity.html) for iOS
  -   React Native [TouchableNativeFeedback](http://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/touchablenativefeedback.html) for Android


**Configuration**

<table class="table table-bordered">
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>Property</th>
                <th>Default</th>
                <th>Option</th>
                <th width="50%">Description</th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>button</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>
                    To navigate on click of a list item.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>dataArray</td>
                <td> Array </td>
                <td> user-defined array </td>
                <td>Array of data chunks to render iteratively.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>itemDivider</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>boolean</td>
                <td>Helps to organize and group the list items.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>itemHeader</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>Style the item as the header for the ListItems.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>first</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Adds style of first ListItem.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>last</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Adds style of last ListItem.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>icon</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    To have list styling of icons.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>avatar</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Style the list to have Avatars.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>thumbnail</td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Style the list to have Thumbnails.
                </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>renderRow</td>
                <td> Function </td>
                <td> - </td>
                <td>
                    Callback which takes a chunk of data from dataArray and returns as a component.
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table><br />
